In this project you will generate a poker hand containing five cards randomly selected from a deck of cards. The names of the cards are stored in a text string that will have to be converted into an array. The array will be randomly sorted to “shuffle” the deck. Each time the user clicks a deal button, the last five cards of the array will be removed, reducing the size of the deck. When the size of the deck drops to zero, a new randomly sorted deck will be generated. A preview of the completed project with a randomly generated hand is shown in figure7-50. 
1. Use your code editor to open the project07-02_txt.html and project07-02_txt.js files from the js07project02 folder. Enter your name and the date in the comment section of each file and save them as project07-02.html and project07-02.js. 
2. Go to the project07-02.html file in your code editor and link the page to the project07-02.js file deferring the script from loading until after the page loads. Save your changes to the file. 
3. Go to the project07-02.html file in your code editor. Within the onclick event handler, add the commands described in steps 4 and 5. 
4. Create a function named newDeck(). The purpose of this function is to generate a new shuffled array of poker cards. Add the following commands to the function
    - Split the contents of the deckStr variable at each occurrence of the “,” character. Store the substrings generated by the split() method in the deck array.
    - Sort the contents of the deck array using the shuffle() function as the compare function.
    - Create the shuffle() function with 2 parameters named a and b. Return the value of 0.5 minus a randomly-generated number created with the Math.random() method. 
5. Below the newDeck() function add a for loop that iterates through the contents of the cards node list. For each item in the node list do the following: 
    - If the length of the deck array is 0, call the neckDeck() function. 
    - Use the pop() method to remove the last item from the deck array and store the popped item as the text content of the current item in the cards node list. 
    - Change the value of the text content of the cardsLeft object to the value of the length of the deck array. 
6. Save your changes to the file and then load project07-02.html in your web browser. Click the deal button to generate a new hand of live randomly selected cards. Verify that with each deal, the number of cards left in the deck decreases by 5 and that a new deck is provided each time the contents of the current deck are exhausted. 

